AP: Deprecate external refs (#2249)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/app-protect/configuration.md

 > **Note**: [The Advanced gRPC Protection for Unary Traffic](/nginx-app-protect/configuration/#advanced-grpc-protection-for-unary-traffic) only supports providing an `idl-file` inline. The fields `policy.idl-files[].link`, `policy.idl-files[].$ref`, and 
 `policy.idl-files[].file` are not supported. The IDL file should be provided in field `policy.idl-files[].contents`. The value of this field can be base64 encoded. In this case the field `policy.idl-files[].isBase64` should be set to `true`.

 > **Note**: [External References](/nginx-app-protect/configuration-guide/configuration/#external-references) are deprecated and will may not be supported in future releases.

> 

Author: @ciarams87 fixed

 > **Note**: [The Advanced gRPC Protection for Unary Traffic](/nginx-app-protect/configuration/#advanced-grpc-protection-for-unary-traffic) only supports providing an `idl-file` inline. The fields `policy.idl-files[].link`, `policy.idl-files[].$ref`, and
 `policy.idl-files[].file` are not supported. The IDL file should be provided in field `policy.idl-files[].contents`. The value of this field can be base64 encoded. In this case the field `policy.idl-files[].isBase64` should be set to `true`.

>  > **Note**: [External References](/nginx-app-protect/configuration-guide/configuration/#external-references) in KIC are deprecated and will not be supported in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > **Note**: [External References](/nginx-app-protect/configuration-guide/configuration/#external-references) in the Ingress Controller are deprecated and will not be supported in future releases.
```
